Pointers to sec considerations of quic docs and some more text (#166)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

# Security Considerations

QUIC is an encrypted and authenticated transport. That means, once the
cryptographic handshake is complete, QUIC endpoints discard most packets that
are not authenticated, greatly limiting the ability of an attacker to interfere

> with existing connections.

Reviewer: Perhaps note that on-path modifications of packets will result in one of two outcomes:

- packet ignored (and frames eventually retransmitted, if necessary)
- connection dropped

> However, some information are still observerable, as supporting manageability of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, some information is still observerable, as supporting manageability of
```

QUIC traffic inherently involves tradeoffs with the confidentiality of QUIC's
control information; this entire document is therefore security-relevant.

> More security considerations for QUIC are discussed in {{!QUIC}} and {{!QUIC-TLS}},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More security considerations for QUIC are discussed in {{!QUIC-TRANSPORT}}
and {{!QUIC-TLS}},
```

generally considering active or passive attackers in the network as well as attacks
on specific QUIC mechanism.

Version Negotiation packets do not contain any mechanism to prevent version downgrade
attacks. However, future versions of QUIC that use Version Negotiation packets are
require to define a mechanism that is robust against version downgrade attacks.
Therefore a network node can and should not attempt to impact version selection and

> as such version downgrade is considered an attack.

Reviewer 2: There are a number of active attacks against a QUIC handshake.  All of them result in connection failures.  This will be no different.  I don't really see the point of isolating this, except to note that the specific methods involved are not yet defined.  Dropping this last sentence would be a start, but I would reconsider the entire paragraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore a network node should not attempt to impact version selection, as version
downgrade may result in connection failure.
```

Author: I wanted to explicitly about version downgrades because I was thinking that the people who do version filtering might easily get the idea that version downgrade could be a solution to some of their problems and would not think of it as an attack. I agree that this is true for any handshake "attack" but I would like to be as explicit as possible about what we recommend and not recommend in this doc for cases where we can already foresee problems.

# Security Considerations

QUIC is an encrypted and authenticated transport. That means, once the
cryptographic handshake is complete, QUIC endpoints discard most packets that
are not authenticated, greatly limiting the ability of an attacker to interfere
with existing connections.

However, some information is still observerable, as supporting manageability of
QUIC traffic inherently involves tradeoffs with the confidentiality of QUIC's
control information; this entire document is therefore security-relevant.

More security considerations for QUIC are discussed in {{!QUIC-TRANSPORT}}
and {{!QUIC-TLS}},

> generally considering active or passive attackers in the network as well as attacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generally considering active or passive attackers in the network as well
as attacks
```
